chore: change simple usage at readme and add not about `RUST_LOG` env var (#148)
fast/logforth: README.md

fn main() {
    logforth::stdout().apply();

    log::error!("This is an error message.");
    log::info!("This is an info message.");
    log::debug!("This debug message will not be printed by default.");
}
```

> By default, all logging except the error level is disabled.
> You can enable logging at other levels by setting `RUST_LOG` environment variable.
> For example, `RUST_LOG=debug cargo run` will print all logs there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

By default, all logging except the error level is disabled. You can enable logging at other levels by setting the [`RUST_LOG`](https://docs.rs/env_logger/latest/env_logger/#enabling-logging) environment variable. For example, `RUST_LOG=debug cargo run` will print all logs.
```

fn main() {
    logforth::stdout().apply();

    log::error!("This is an error message.");
    log::info!("This is an info message.");
    log::debug!("This debug message will not be printed by default.");
}
```

> By default, all logging except the error level is disabled. You can enable logging at other levels by setting the [`RUST_LOG`](https://docs.rs/env_logger/*/env_logger/#enabling-logging) environment variable. For example, `RUST_LOG=debug cargo run` will print all logs.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all logging except the error level is disabled. You can enable logging at other levels by setting the [`RUST_LOG`](https://docs.rs/env_logger/*/env_logger/#enabling-logging) environment variable. For example, `RUST_LOG=debug cargo run` will print all logs.

```
